You two bastards
When is this still talking nonsense here?
Why hasn't Xiaole rested yet?
No news yet.
Your sweetheart
Won't it really be destroyed by Humen?
Look at you in a hurry
My dad just texted me
Said that the Mad Dragon King made a move
I directly extinguished it and came back.
Oh, that's great.
Don't worry about being wiped out by the Hong Men.
What if it's not that Hongmen was destroyed?
I'm still not getting our money back.
That is.
I don't know what you see in that psycho
Not enough to fail
If this goes to the surplus, let alone 8 million foreign debt
Just let Yu Shaobai give it to us.
Can you stop being arrogant when I come back?
Why are you worried that I'm being affectionate?
Who's worried about you?
I'm just afraid that you will implicate our Li Jiatie to escape
You don't even know how powerful your man is
Hmph, then don't blame my aunt for living
You ungrateful fellow
I am your savior
How can you thank me?
Lu Ming Kuai, thank you Xiaole
Why? Why?
You know I tried to save you
How much did it cost my dad?
How much thought did you put into it?
That's the Mad Dragon King
Not everyone can be invited
Thanks a lot, but what?
You didn't miss our money, did you?
Ah crazy what are you doing
Give me the money.